Edits to JS1W1 rewrite (#159)
CodeYourFuture/curriculum: content/js1/sprints/1/prep/index.md

2. Try writing a few expressions in the file like the ones above.

3. Get Node to run this file. (Don't use the REPL now - you should run a command to execute the whole file.)

{{</note>}}

Once the computer evaluates these expressions the execution of the program is complete. But, we’re left with a problem. With the REPL, the user inputs an expression, the computer evaluates it and then prints the result. But now the computer will go and execute each line sequentially until completion _without_ printing the values of each expression it evaluates.

So this new problem can be expressed as a question:

> ❓ Problem
>

> > "How can we check the values of evaluated in our program when it is being executed?"

Reviewer: I think this still isn't quite right?

```suggestion
> "How can we check what the values evaluated to in our program when it is being executed?"
```
